Add guidance re: binding for select, checkbox and radio inputs (#267)
nordcraftengine/documentation: docs/10-variables/02-working-with-variables/index.md

For `input` elements, Nordcraft provides a convenient shortcut to create two-way binding with variables:

1. Select an input element in the element tree
2. In the Attributes tab, find the `Bind to variable` dropdown
3. Choose an existing variable or create a new one

This is a shortcut that automatically sets up:

- A binding of the variable to the input's `value` attribute
- An on-change event handler on the `input` event that updates the variable when the user types

:::tip

> **The `Bind to variable` dropdown is a shortcut for input fields that are not grouped**.

Reviewer: I don't understand the "not grouped" part. What is a grouped input field?

Reviewer: Like radio etc?

Author: ```suggestion
The `Bind to variable` dropdown is a shortcut for single input fields, not for groups of input fields that share the same name attribute.
```

Author: Does that make more sense @jacob-kofoed?

Author: I clarify the radio, select, checkbox etc below

> If you're using other form input types such as `radio`, `checkbox`, or `select` inputs, you will need to manually add on-change event handlers to set variable values instead of choosing the `Bind to variable` shortcut.

Reviewer: In Nordcraft, we usually don't prefix with "on" for events.  is just "add a change event" and not "add on-change event"
